---
layout: post
comments: true
image: /assets/images/Rakeem.jpg
headerImage: false
author: Rakeem Thomas
title: "Welcome"
date: 2017-01-28
category: blog
---

> *Docendo discimus* - By teaching, we learn.

Hello Everyone!

I'm Rakeem Thomas and this blog will be a collection of my thoughts, frustrations, and _aha_ moments as I continue through my JavaScript learning journey.

I think that this is both the best and worst time for someone to decide to learn how to become a developer. There is an absurd amount of resources available to answer any and every question one may have. A simple Google search can provide you with tons of answers to your questions, but as a newcomer, this can be a bit overwhelming.

The beauty of learning how to code is that there are always several ways for one to solve a problem or answer a question, but what is the most _efficient_ way? Of course, this question always opens up a can of worms because everyone has their opinion, and we all know that one saying about opinions and buttholes.

I'm a firm believer in learning through teaching. You don't really know something until you can effectively explain it to someone else. What better way to publicly show how much I don't really know than to write this blog? :stuck_out_tongue: This blog will be a super cool way for me to hold myself accountable, and also to share the things that I've learned with all of you!

Hopefully, this will not be a one-way conversation! I named this blog "Correct Me If I'm Wrong" because I only hope that if someone reads my post, and realizes an error, they would point it out! The only way to grow is to learn from your mistakes and to be open to constructive criticism. So, leave me a comment, give me your feedback, and we will talk about it!

I'm very excited to invite you all to join me on my learning journey! Besides this blog, you can find me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/rthom4s){:.social-links} or you can connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rakeem-thomas-b3295999?trk=hp-identity-name){:.social-links}.

Until next time!








